JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight: A
suspected Syrian
government attack using chemical
weapons leaves
dozens dead and many more
injured in a province
controlled by rebels.
Then: The FOX News network is on
the receiving
end of another sexual harassment
suit, as
some advertisers pull away from
the scandal-plagued
network.
And Texas is the first state in
the country
to allow classroom cameras to
protect students
with disabilities, but legal and
ethical questions
arise.
SAMANTHA CRANE, Autistic Self
Advocacy Network:
Parents can't get access to that
footage unless
they know something's happened.
They have to be able to say, I
would like
footage from this day, and
ideally from this
particular time of the day.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The United States
Senate formally
opened debate today on Supreme
Court nominee
Neil Gorsuch, and headed toward
a bruising
battle.
Republicans said they will
change the rules
to permit a simple majority to
confirm Gorsuch
if they can't come up with what
is called
cloture, the 60 votes necessary
to close off
a Democratic filibuster.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: It
appears as if cloture will not
be invoked,
but we will find out on
Thursday.
But either way, we will be
moving toward confirming
Judge Gorsuch on Friday.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY), Minority
Leader: Senator
McConnell would have the world
believe that
his hands are tied, that the
only option after
Judge Gorsuch doesn't earn 60
votes is to
break the rules to change the
rules.
That could not be further from
the truth.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Only three Senate
Democrats
have said they would join the 52
Republicans
in supporting Gorsuch.
The Trump White House is talking
to House
Republicans again about
repealing and replacing
Obamacare.
The original effort collapsed
last month.
Last night, Vice President Pence
and top White
House officials offered a new
proposal to
conservatives.
Today, House Speaker Paul Ryan
called the
talks productive, but he
tempered expectations.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: Now
we're throwing around concepts
to improve
the bill.
That's occurring right now, but
that is not
to say that we're ready to go,
because we
want to make that, when we go,
we have the
votes to pass this bill, we have
got the consensus
that we have long been looking
for.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The White House
proposal would
let states seek exemptions from
making insurers
cover essential benefits, such
as maternity
and mental health.
The Trump administration will
cut off U.S.
funding for the U.N. Population
Fund.
A State Department memo accuses
the agency
of supporting population control
in China,
including coercive abortions.
The $32 million in aid will go
to the U.S.
Agency for International
Development.
The city of Baltimore is butting
heads with
federal officials over police
reforms.
Last night, federal officials
sought to delay
final approval of an agreement
known as a
consent decree.
It spells out sweeping changes
in how police
deal with minorities.
KEVIN DAVIS, Baltimore Police
Deputy Commissioner:
We are ready to roll with the
consent decree.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Baltimore
officials insisted
this morning they will go ahead
with overhauling
the city's police force, with or
without the
U.S. Department of Justice.
Police Commissioner Kevin Davis:
KEVIN DAVIS: I am disappointed
that the Department
of Justice thought it was
necessary to seek
a 90-day extension.
The reforms are going to come no
matter what.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Late Monday, the
U.S. Justice
Department asked to postpone a
federal court
hearing set for this Thursday on
the proposed
Baltimore decree.
Justice officials said they want
to review
and assess how it fits with an
aggressive
new emphasis by the Trump
administration on
fighting crime.
LORETTA LYNCH, Former U.S.
Attorney General:
The Department of Justice and
the city of
Baltimore have agreed to enter
into a court-enforceable
consent decree.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The decree was
announced just
before President Obama left
office, and almost
two years after the death of a
black man,
Freddie Gray, in police custody,
and the resulting
unrest.
The Obama Justice Department
found longstanding
patterns of racial profiling and
excessive
force by police.
Now the new attorney general,
Jeff Sessions,
has ordered a sweeping review,
not just of
the Baltimore agreement, but of
Justice Department
interactions with local law
enforcement nationwide.
In Russia, investigators now say
a suicide
bomber carried out Monday's
subway attack
that killed 14 people in St.
Petersburg.
Officials released images of the
22-year-old
man.
He's identified as a native of
Kyrgyzstan,
a majority-Muslim state in
Central Asia.
There's been no claim of
responsibility.
The issue of Trump transition
aides caught
up in surveillance of foreign
individuals
has taken a new turn.
It involves Susan Rice, who was
national security
adviser to President Obama.
She was asked today about
reports that she
knew about the surveillance, and
asked for
identities of the Trump aides.
She spoke with MSNBC's Andrea
Mitchell.
ANDREA MITCHELL, NBC News: Did
you seek the
names of people involved in --
to unmask the
names of people involved in the
Trump transition,
the Trump campaign, people
surrounding the
president-elect in order to spy
on them, in
order to expose them?
SUSAN RICE, Former U.S. National
Security
Adviser: Absolutely not.
Absolutely not, for any
political purposes,
to spy, expose anything.
ANDREA MITCHELL: Did you leak
the name of
Mike Flynn?
SUSAN RICE: I leaked nothing to
nobody, and
never have and never would.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Last month, on
the "NewsHour,"
Rice said she knew nothing about
the surveillance
of the Trump aides or the
disclosure of their
identities.
Aircraft manufacturer Boeing has
announced
a $3 billion deal with Iran.
It is the first major sale to
Iran by an American
company since President Trump
took office.
Boeing says the agreement covers
30 of its
737 MAX passenger jets.
Wall Street had a relatively
quiet day.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 39
points to close at 20689.
The Nasdaq rose about four
points, and the
S&P 500 added a point.
And the University of North
Carolina is once
again champion of men's college
basketball.
The Tar Heels celebrated after
beating Washington
State's Gonzaga University last
night 71-65
for their sixth national title.
A year ago, they lost to
Villanova on a last-second
shot.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
dozens of
Syrians dead after an apparent
chemical attack;
President Trump signs a measure
rolling back
Internet privacy rules; Israel's
push for
new settlements in the West
Bank; and much
more.
Now to the apparent chemical
weapons attack
this morning in Northwest Syria.
The casualty counts ranged from
58 dead to
over 100.
Either way, it was one of the
worst such attacks
in the country's six-year civil
war.
It hit the town of Khan Shaykhu
in Idlib province,
which is largely controlled by
rebel forces
fighting the regime of Bashar
al-Assad.
Chief foreign affairs
correspondent Margaret
Warner begins our coverage.
And a warning: Some images in
this report
are disturbing.
MARGARET WARNER: The scene was
horrific and
chaotic, medics rushing to help
victims, many
of them children , while others
struggled
to make sense of what happened.
CHILD (through translator): I
was asleep when
the warplane hit us.
I went outside with my dad, but
my head started
hurting.
I fell asleep and woke up to
find myself here.
MARGARET WARNER: Witnesses and
some activists
said the toxic substance was
delivered by
Syrian and Russian jets in an
attack in the
rebel-held region.
Damascus and Moscow denied
involvement.
The results were plain enough.
DR.
FERAS AL JUNDI, Treated Attack
Victims (through
translator): This morning, I was
in a field
hospital in Idlib.
The symptoms were clear on the
patients: suffocation,
respiratory failure, foaming at
the mouth,
loss of consciousness,
convulsions and paralysis.
MARGARET WARNER: The worst
attack of this
war took place back in 2013 in a
Damascus
suburb, killing hundreds of
civilians.
The U.N. said the nerve agent
sarin was used.
In 2012, President Obama had
declared the
use of chemical weapons in Syria
a red line
that could trigger U.S.
airstrikes, but after
the 2013 attack, then-Secretary
of State John
Kerry instead struck a deal with
Russia for
Syria to surrender its chemical
arsenal.
International inspectors said
Damascus complied.
Today's strike comes on the eve
of a conference
in Brussels about Syria's future
and it drew
sharp condemnation.
FEDERICA MOGHERINI, Foreign
Policy Chief,
European Union: Chemical weapons
is the worst
of the war crimes, and whoever
is responsible
for that must be held
accountable.
MARGARET WARNER: For his part,
President Trump
said in a statement: "These
heinous actions
by the Bashar al-Assad regime
are a consequence
of the past administration's
weakness and
irresolution."
The White House spokesman
wouldn't discuss
a possible U.S. response, but he
did say ousting
the Assad regime is no longer --
quote -- "a
fundamental option."
Meanwhile, the U.N. Security
Council has scheduled
an emergency meeting for
tomorrow.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Late today,
Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson said in a
statement that Syria's
allies, Russia and Iran, bear --
quote -- "great
moral responsibility" for those
killed in
today's attack, and he called on
those nations
to restrain the Assad regime.
For more on this, I'm joined by
Andrew Tabler.
He's a fellow at the Washington
Institute
for Near East Policy.
It's a think tank.
And Susannah Sirkin, she's the
director of
international policy and
partnerships and
senior adviser at Physicians for
Human Rights.
It's a group that specializes in
documenting
human rights abuses and
atrocities.
And we welcome both of you to
the program.
Susannah Sirkin, I'm going to
start with you.
Is there more you can tell us at
this point
about what happened in this
attack?
SUSANNAH SIRKIN, Physicians for
Human Rights:
Well, today, at Physicians for
Human Rights,
we have had physicians view
dozens of photographs
and video clips to try to
understand what
exactly has happened.
And we have had contact with a
number of doctors
on the front lines trying
desperately to treat
those who are injured, as well
as to deal
with those who apparently have
been killed
as a result of this attack.
We know that the medical system,
such as it
is, which has already been
devastated by more
than almost seven years of war,
has been responding
as best it can, but it is
really, as far as
we can tell, a situation of
chaos and desperation.
These kinds of weapons are
terrifying inherently
because they have no smell, they
have no -- they
aren't seen.
They have no taste.
And they are detonated
essentially in a way
that is invisible, and then, all
of a sudden,
people succumb.
It's severely painful.
Many people who are attacked in
this way result
-- end up having nerve damage,
as well as
muscular constriction, and in
the end, they
can't breathe at all.
So, they are rushed to the
hospital, and it's
really quite desperate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I know that
work is still
being done to try to determine
what kind of
chemical.
Andrew Tabler, is it clear or
even close to
being known at this point who
exactly was
behind this?
ANDREW TABLER, Fellow,
Washington Institute
for Near East Policy: Well, it
was behind
the opposition's lines, so it
seemed to be
delivered from the air.
So then that begs the question,
well, who
has air capabilities?
The opposition doesn't.
So it would be the Assad regime
or the Russians.
And in that case, I think that
most of the
initial indicators are pointing
at the Assad
regime.
And that then will, of course,
focus attention
on the Assad regime's activities
in the last
few days.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And as we just
heard in Margaret
Warner's report, though, the
international
inspectors said just a few years
ago that
they had determined that the
Assad regime
had given up at least some of
their chemical
weapons.
ANDREW TABLER: That's right.
But -- but, at the end of the
process, there
was a concern about Syria's
declaration.
So, a couple things to look for
in the coming
days.
If they find that it was sarin
that was used,
which it initially seems from
the symptoms
that it was, that that begs the
question,
well, where did it come from?
If all of the stockpiles were
destroyed, how
did this sarin enter -- if it's
found to be
chlorine, which is an industrial
chemical,
would they have been using for
years, then
it's another matter.
But the Syrian regime has been
using -- has
been found to have carried out
chemical attacks
in Syria multiple times since
the chemical
weapons deal.
This is just one of the most
egregious.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Susannah
Sirkin, is it
-- from the symptoms, is it
possible to determine
what the chemical agent was?
SUSANNAH SIRKIN: Well, so far,
from everything
that Physicians for Human Rights
has seen
and observed through these
videos and photographs,
all of the symptoms that are
known to be associated
with the use of sarin, which is
a banned nerve
agent, have been seen, foaming
at the mouth,
fluid coming from the nostrils,
severe respiratory
distress, muscular constriction,
seizures
and so forth.
So, while we cannot say
definitively that
sarin was used, everything is
pointing to
a nerve agent and very likely
sarin, because
we know that sarin has been used
before by
the Assad regime.
What would need to happen next
and what we're
calling for is an immediate
independent international
investigation on the ground to
collect samples,
which would involve collecting
blood, urine,
and clothing and soil samples,
to have a definitive
conclusion.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And beyond that,
Andrew Tabler,
as you said, the signs point to
the Assad
regime.
How does anyone involved in this
get to the
bottom of determining
definitively whether
it was the Assad regime?
ANDREW TABLER: Well, there is a
joint investigative
mechanism that was put in place
by the United
Nations years ago to investigate
these attacks.
And they have found that the
Assad regime
has used chemical agents on
multiple occasions.
I anticipate that that would be
used.
The question is, is it enough?
And in the past...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean is this
investigation
enough?
ANDREW TABLER: Yes, is this
investigation
enough?
Is this method enough?
And I think that -- in the past,
activists
and others have brought out
samples that have
helped investigators looking
into these matters,
determine what was used, and
then determine
on a course of action.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, just staying
with you,
Andrew Tabler, today, we heard
an opposition
leader say that what happened,
in his words,
essentially a direct consequence
of what the
Trump administration has been
saying in the
past few days, that it was going
to be that
they were prepared to live with
the Assad
regime.
On the other hand, you have
President Trump
in his statement blaming it on
the failed
policies of President Obama.
ANDREW TABLER: Well, in the
balance, first
of all, the Assad regime has
been using chemical
agents since 2013.
So, overall, I think, to be
fair, the Trump
administration was dealt a
pretty terrible
Syria hand by the previous
administration.
Now, I think the real question
here is, what
do you do going forward?
And tomorrow we're going to know
from action
at the U.N.
But we're going to have to look
at the fact
that, while we hope the Syrian
war is winding
down, it doesn't seem to be when
we have attacks
like this, and that the
political settlement
that we all want in Syria, the
whole country
political settlement, seems far
off.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We are going to
leave it there.
What a horrific event that's
taken place.
Andrew Tabler, Susannah Sirkin,
we thank you
both.
We turn now to the rules
regarding your online
privacy.
We turn now to the rules
regarding your online
privacy.
President Trump has signed into
law legislation
that blocks the implementation
of some Internet
privacy rules that were put in
place by the
Obama administration.
William Brangham has that story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: These rules,
if they'd gone
into effect, would have
prohibited Internet
service providers like Verizon
or AT&T or
Comcast from collecting and
selling information
about your Internet browsing to
advertisers
without your permission.
For more on this, I'm joined now
by Scott
Cleland who's a researcher and
advocate for
greater Internet competition,
and by Gigi
Sohn, who used to be with the
FCC, where she
helped craft the now repealed
rules.
Welcome to you both.
Scott, help me understand this.
I know you work a lot with the
industry here.
Why did these rules need to come
down, in
your view?
SCOTT CLELAND, Chairman,
NetCompetition.org:
What this thing has done, by
repealing this,
it's gone back to the status
quo, and hopefully
it will return to a normal
Federal Trade Commission
privacy regime.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But, as I
mentioned in the
intro, this would have stopped
ISPs from collecting
and selling to advertisers.
And that seems to be what the
industry didn't
like about that.
Is that right?
SCOTT CLELAND: That's right,
because they
were pointed out as somehow
unique in a sense.
And ISPs, I know Gigi will say
that they're
the only ones where all the
information comes
through.
And the thing is, is people
don't understand
that 50 percent to almost 70
percent of traffic
is encrypted they can't see.
But more than that, I mean,
Google and Facebook
and others, when you talk about
all the services,
the authentication, when you
talk about all
the things you have there,
whether Gmail or
whatever, it's harder to leave
Google and
to leave Facebook, the sacrifice
of doing
that, and not using one, than it
is an ISP.
So, there is this false
dichotomy where ISPs
are somehow special.
And the main thing is, they
don't have a desire
to harm their consumers or to be
selling their
privacy.
I mean, they have been covered
by privacy
in the past.
They don't want to sell this
data.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Gigi, Scott
says these Internet
service providers don't want to
sell my data.
So, why the need for a rule
blocking them
from doing so?
GIGI SOHN, Co-Founder, Public
Knowledge: If
all these companies are doing
things to protect
your privacy, are they doing all
the same
things that the FCC rules
protected, then
why did they seek repeal?
In fact, Verizon, when we
adopted these rules
in October of 2016, they praised
what we did,
because they said, look, this is
standard
practice.
These are commonsense rules that
protect individuals'
privacy and give them the power
to control
the fate of their personal
information.
Now, I can talk about why I ISPs
are different,
that they see everything you do,
as opposed
to Google and Facebook.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Because
they're the sole
gateway to the Internet.
GIGI SOHN: They're the sole
gateway to the
Internet.
You pay them handsomely, whereas
Google and
Facebook are free.
And there is just a different
expectation
from consumers.
And, also, if you're lucky
enough to have
a choice in ISPs, it's still
very difficult.
There are switching costs.
And I don't have to use Google
if I don't
want to.
My spouse uses DuckDuckGo.
OK?
You don't have to use Facebook,
but you must
use an ISP to get to the
Internet.
But even so, even if we want to
level the
playing field, why did Congress
playing field down?
Why didn't it make Google and
Facebook abide
by the high standards that the
FCC set?
There is no playing field if
you're an ISP.
You're completely and totally
unprotected.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I mean, Scott,
what about
that argument that, if Google
and Facebook
are free to do what the ISPs say
they would
like to do, that seems -- could
also be an
argument for making stricter
security on those
guys?
SCOTT CLELAND: And let me be
very clear.
I think ISPs would be more than
happy if there
was congressional legislation
that applied
the same rules to everybody,
technology-neutral,
and put the consumer truly in
control.
We agree the consumer should be
put in control.
I think they'd have some great
support of
that.
However, I don't think you would
have Google,
Facebook and Amazon and those,
they would
say no way.
GIGI SOHN: William, the answer
is much simpler
than that.
The Federal Communications
Commission regulates
networks.
It doesn't regulate Amazon,
Google and Facebook.
It doesn't have the legal power.
If we had gone ahead and done
that -- and
it was interesting to see our
Republican colleagues
urging us to do that, when they
know full
well we don't have the power.
If we had done that, it would
have been thrown
out in court.
So we couldn't do that.
But here's what's interesting.
Google opposed these rules.
Why?
Not because it would have
applied to them,
but because they knew that this
served as
a template.
These rules serve as a template
that Congress
could use to raise the bar.
But, instead, the bar has been
eliminated.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, right now,
though, if
I'm a consumer and these rules
are now moot,
and I want to protect my
privacy, like, what
can I ask of my ISP?
What are they allowed to do as
far as collecting
information about me, selling
information
about me right now?
GIGI SOHN: After all the
blowback, when the
Senate and the House passed this
law repealing
the FCC's rules, there was huge
amounts of
blowback.
I don't think anybody expected
it.
So, Comcast, AT&T and I believe
Verizon all
posted blog posts saying that,
you know, we
don't use this information.
We don't share this information.
We have no plans to do so.
We don't currently do so.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: You don't buy
it?
GIGI SOHN: Well, no, I buy it
that today,
they do not, but they want the
leave the door
open to selling and sharing the
most sensitive
personal information, your
health care information,
your financial information, your
location,
your Social Security number.
They want to leave that door
open.
SCOTT CLELAND: It's very
important, if I can
correct, they're saying health
care information,
financial information.
That's part of the patchwork of
privacy regulations.
Those -- all right, that's
sensitive data.
Companies like an ISP or even
Google shouldn't
be sharing that stuff.
That's a big no-no.
So, when we talk about trying to
scare people
about this, financial
information and health
care information is covered
under other laws.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Scott Cleland,
Gigi Sohn, thank you both very
much.
GIGI SOHN: Thank you.
SCOTT CLELAND: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
advertisers distance
themselves from FOX News amid
sexual harassment
allegations; why Texas puts
cameras in many
of its classrooms; and an
acclaimed author
gives the advice he wishes he
had known as
a young writer.
But first: Jordan's King
Abdullah will meet
with President Trump tomorrow
here in Washington.
One item on the agenda: the
growth of Jewish
settlements on the West Bank.
More than half-a-million
Israelis live there
on land captured from Jordan 50
years ago,
land that many Israelis claim as
a biblical
birthright, but that
Palestinians hope will
comprise a future state.
From the West Bank, special
correspondent
Martin Seemungal reports.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: Israeli
soldiers and police
mobilizing in the West Bank to
arrest and
remove Israelis, by force if
necessary, a
settler outpost at Amona judged
by Israeli
courts to be illegal because it
is built on
land owned by Palestinians.
The West Bank was captured by
Israel during
the 1967 war.
International law considers it
occupied territory.
Israel disputes this and has
been building
Jewish settlements for decades.
Amona is different.
It's one of the settlements
built without
Israeli government authorization
on private
Palestinian land.
No government wants to use
troops against
its own citizens, especially
Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu's right-wing
coalition.
So, as the protesting settlers
were taken
away, he announced plans for a
major settlement
expansion in another area of the
West Bank.
Netanyahu also promised to build
a new settlement
for the Jews evicted from Amona.
He delivered on that promise,
announcing plans
for the first completely new
settlement in
over 20 years.
It will be built in the Shilo
area, near Nablus,
a powerful message in support of
these settlers
and one of their beliefs that
God gave these
lands to the Jews.
HAGAI BEN ARTZI, Beit El
Resident: We're standing
on this site of the dream of
Jacob.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: Not far from
Amona, Hagai
Ben Artzi points to ruins that
he says mark
the biblical site of Jacob's
Ladder, the dream
where God promised the land of
Israel to the
Jewish people in the Book of
Genesis.
HAGAI BEN ARTZI: The roots of
the people of
Israel are in this place, and
the whole Zionist
idea is the return of the Jewish
people to
the biblical land, to its
biblical homeland.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: Ben Artzi is
the brother-in-law
of Prime Minister Netanyahu, and
a prominent
citizen of Beit El, one of
nearly 200 settlements
across the West Bank.
He has lived here for 40 years.
Like many settlements, Beit El
started out
as a few caravans on a hilltop.
Osnat Sharon is one of the
original settlers.
She calls this area by its
biblical names,
Judea and Samaria.
OSNAT SHARON, Beit El Resident:
I felt like
a pioneer, to build a new place
in an empty
place, and there was nothing
here, nothing.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: Palestinians
argue that
the whole settlement is illegal
because of
international law, and that at
least part
of Beit El was built on private
land, farmland
that they say they haven't been
able to use
for years.
The issue is still in court and
that section
of Beit El remains off-limits to
building.
The rest of Beit El has boomed
since those
early days, nearly 7,000 people
today, permanent
buildings, a supermarket,
playgrounds, like
any small town.
They come from Israel, from
different countries,
many from the U.S.
One study estimates 15 percent
of the settlers
in the West Bank are American,
and they all
believe that it is their right
to be here.
Less than a mile from the
playgrounds of Beit
El, Palestinian children are at
recess at
a Ramallah school.
Ramallah is the seat of
government for the
Palestinian Authority, and under
its control.
Israeli soldiers control access
points to
the city, and Palestinians say
soldiers routinely
conduct raids, often in the
middle of the
night.
Access to farmland is severely
restricted.
The job market here is limited.
Settlements like Beit El are
built on land
the Palestinians hope will be
part of their
future state.
The settlements are often a
focal point of
Palestinian anger, leading to
clashes with
settlers and Israeli soldiers
who control
the lands where the settlements
are built.
Hard-line Palestinians still
believe all of
the West Bank and Israel is
occupied land
that belongs to them.
There has been relative calm in
the West Bank
in recent months, the result of
ongoing security
cooperation between the
Palestinian Authority
and Israel.
Husam Zomlot is a senior adviser
to Palestinian
Leader Mahmoud Abbas.
He says using violence against
Jewish settlers
is counterproductive.
HUSAM ZOMLOT, Palestinian
Presidential Adviser:
We don't hate them.
In fact, our histories with Jews
have been
an integral part of our national
fabric.
What we dislike, however, is
occupiers, colonizers,
the seizures, deniers of our
very basic rights.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: The tense,
sometimes violent
status quo that has gone on for
decades defined
by the enormous security wall
built by Israel.
It stretches for miles across
the West Bank.
Settlers here in Beit El, like
settlers across
the West Bank, have often had a
very complicated
relationship with the United
States, often
perceived as both protector and
enemy at the
same time.
The Obama administration in
particular wasn't
seen as a friend of the
settlers.
The arrival of Donald Trump, on
the other
hand, is being welcomed here in
Beit El.
They are hopeful it is the
beginning of a
new era.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Bibi and I have known each other
for a long
time, smart man, great
negotiator, and I think
we're going to make a deal.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: But Netanyahu
made his position
clear.
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU, Israeli
Prime Minister:
I believe that the issue of the
settlements
is not the core of the conflict,
nor does
it really drive the conflict.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: Beit El's new
yeshiva for
Jewish studies is reported to
have White House
connections.
David Friedman, Trump's new
ambassador to
Israel, and his son-in-law,
Jared Kushner,
have donated money to this
yeshiva.
Trump has tapped Kushner to lead
negotiations
between Israel and the
Palestinians.
The broad parameters of the
so-called two-state
solution would give most of the
West Bank
to the Palestinians for their
state.
Israel would keep the major
settlement blocks,
which are close to the 1967
border.
In exchange, it would give an
equal amount
of land to the Palestinians.
But it would mean dozens of
settlements like
Beit El would need to be
evacuated.
As many as 70,000 Jews live in
these areas.
The right-wing Jewish Home
Party, led by Naftali
Bennett, is part of Netanyahu's
coalition.
It is pushing for unilateral
annexation to
bring all the settlements under
Israeli control.
It is against the two-state
idea, and it has
pushed through a controversial
law giving
Israel the right to build on
private Palestinian
land seen by many as a de facto
form of annexation.
Tzachi Hanegbi is a senior
cabinet minister
with close ties to Netanyahu.
Hanegbi insists that the
government remains
committed to the two-state idea.
He says the Jewish Home Party is
in the minority.
TZACHI HANEGBI, Israeli Cabinet
Minister:
The majority of Israelis, I
would say an overwhelming
majority, believe that there has
to be a solution,
a peaceful solution, which will
not include
the annexation.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: On the Israeli
left, there
are deep worries that continued
construction
will kill any chance for two
states, a fear
shared by the Palestinian
leadership.
HANAN ASHRAWI, Palestinian
Negotiator: We
made a historical and painful
compromise when
we accepted the two-state
solution, when we
said OK, we will recognize, and
we did recognize
Israel.
On 78 percent of our historical
homeland,
we did that.
How much more do they want?
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: And ambiguous
statements
out of the White House about the
two-state
solution alarm Palestinians.
HUSAM ZOMLOT: If you are not
going to support
the two-state solution, the
long-held U.S.
policy, if you fail to clearly
condemn the
settlement expansion and the
colonial grab
of our land, then you better
come up with
an alternative for the equal
number of population
inhabiting this land and the six
million Palestinians.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: And for the
moment, the
two sides have not agreed to
even begin negotiations.
If you want to understand the
division these
issues are having on Israeli
society, consider
the words of Hagai Ben Artzi in
Beit El, Netanyahu's
own brother-in-law, against the
two-state
solution, in favor of the right
wing's annexation
plan.
HAGAI BEN ARTZI: If Netanyahu is
not courageous
enough to make that move, I will
support other
candidates for prime minister.
MARTIN SEEMUNGAL: A scenario
that would lead
to confrontation with the
Palestinians, certainly
politically, on the
international stage, possibly
a new eruption of violence in
the West Bank.
Trump is promising new
negotiations.
And reports in Israeli media
talk of a U.S.-
sponsored summit involving the
Palestinians,
Israel and Arab leaders.
Arab states remain committed to
the two-state
solution in return for
recognition of Israel.
But they would also demand a
freeze on all
settlement construction.
Neither Israel, the U.S. or any
of the other
potential players have confirmed
that a summit
is being planned.
But Trump's special
representative attended
Arab League meetings.
Jason Greenblatt has had
extensive discussions
with all sides.
He has stated that the time has
come to make
a deal.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Martin Seemungal
in the West Bank.
JUDY WOODRUFF: New fallout today
over allegations
of sexual harassment at FOX News
Channel.
At least nine companies have
pulled their
ads from the FOX News program
"The O'Reilly
Factor" after an investigation
by The New
York Times revealed five settled
lawsuits
against its host, Bill O'Reilly,
for alleged
inappropriate behavior.
Last year, a related scandal led
to the ouster
of then-FOX News chairman Roger
Ailes.
To help us catch up on all this,
I am joined
by Michael Schmidt, who reported
on this for
The New York Times.
And Noreen Farrell, she's the
executive director
of the civil rights organization
Equal Rights
Advocates.
And we welcome both of you to
the "NewsHour."
And, Michael Schmidt, to you
first.
What is the latest on the number
of advertisers
who are saying they're pulling
out?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT, The New York
Times: Well,
what happened yesterday is that
Mercedes was
the first to go.
They said that they're pulling.
And then since, we're up to the
number about
14.
It seems like we're adding them
at about one
an hour.
FOX itself just put out a
statement saying
it's trying to assuage the
concerns of its
advertisers and that the ads
have been moved
to other shows on the network.
They haven't said anything else
since our
story came out on Saturday.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What are the
advertisers saying?
Are they explaining why they're
doing this?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT: They're not
really explaining.
Some are saying, look, women's
issues are
obviously very important to us,
and we need
to send this message to our
clients, to our
customers, and to our employees.
But, besides that, they don't
really want
to wade into it.
For Mercedes, it was sort of a
way of getting
attention on this issue.
They certainly have been praised
a lot by
groups that are calling for Mr.
O'Reilly's
ouster.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And FOX News
Channel, you're
saying, in large part has just
not addressed
this?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT: Correct.
For our story, we sent them
dozens and dozens
of questions.
And they gave us a statement,
which we included
in it, in which they said they
had addressed
these issues with Mr. O'Reilly.
They didn't go any further than
that.
They didn't answer whether he's
been disciplined.
And since then, the only thing
they have said
was this statement today.
They have also sent out an
e-mail to their
staff about how to report in
different types
of workplace issues that they
may have, sort
of a reminder to the folks about
what to do.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, based on --
Michael Schmidt,
based on your reporting, any
reporting you
have been able to do inside FOX,
the FOX News
organization, can you tell what
the reaction
is inside?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT: Well, we have
talked to some
folks in the newsroom who say
that people
are pretty worked up about this.
There's cuts at FOX News
currently going on,
and they want to know why...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean job
cuts?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT: Job cuts going
on right now.
And they want to know why the
money is going
to pay these women.
It's millions and millions of
dollars that
have gone out the door, and
people there are
losing their jobs.
They're also disheartened by the
fact that
this is another issue for the
network.
As you remember, last summer,
Roger Ailes
was sued by one of the hosts,
and it was a
real scandal at the network.
And they had to get rid of Mr.
Ailes.
And while they thought they had
put that behind
them, there was an internal
investigation,
the company pledged to clean
itself up, once
again, they're now facing these
issues.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, Noreen
Farrell,
I'm going to turn to you now.
How much -- how common is the
kind of thing
we're hearing and these
accusations from these
women?
NOREEN FARRELL, Executive
Director, Equal
Rights Advocates: You know,
unfortunately,
it's incredibly common.
I think that sexual harassment
very much remains
the price of a paycheck for
women across the
country in hundreds of
industries, no matter
if they're a low-wage worker or
a high-wage
worker, which we have seen a lot
of news about.
And I think that this -- this
reporting really
shows the pattern, not just of
multiple complaints
within a company, but how often
one person
can receive many complaints and
remain in
the embrace of a company, like
Mr. O'Reilly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, based on
The New York
Times' reporting, none of these
women who
made these charges against --
legally raised
these charges against Bill
O'Reilly have -- and
then the cases were settled --
have gone on
to work in television news
again.
In other words, it has had an
impact on their
livelihood.
Is that something you typically
see?
What do you see in that regard?
NOREEN FARRELL: You know, I
think that when
people talk about sexual
harassment, they
minimize it to a particular
occurrence or
one day or a bad act.
But what we have seen from the
fact that these
women are not in TV news is that
it can impact
the entire trajectory of
somebody's career,
which has an incredibly chilling
effect on
more women stepping forward.
And so, from our perspective,
the fact that
these women are not -- no longer
in the industry
is as problematic as the fact
that they were
harassed in the first place,
because clearly
retaliation and blacklisting is
in play, not
just in news, but in many
industries.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the other
question, I think,
that of course is on all of our
minds, Noreen
Farrell, is, what advice is
there for women
at whatever stage of their
career?
If they encounter, if a woman
encounters sexual
harassment -- or a man, for that
matter -- what
is the right recourse, because
for these women,
the few that we know about, the
outcome wasn't
good?
I mean, they lost their job.
NOREEN FARRELL: I think that
especially The
New York Times' article revealed
the power
of the collective, because, if
you're alone,
you feel like you're an isolated
incident.
But if you talk about what's
happening to
you, not just to human resources
departments,
which sometimes don't escalate
the problem
as they should, as we saw in
Uber, for example,
but if you also talk to you
colleagues, if
you document what's happening,
if you seek
legal help from organizations
like Equal Rights
Advocates to help you assess
your claims and
whether or not you should go
forward, these
are all things that women should
do at any
stage of their career, but most
especially
as they enter the workplace and
are trying
to navigate, which is --
sometimes are often
hostile workplaces.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I should say
-- I said
they lose their jobs, but, of
course, they
have experienced the trauma of
what they have
gone through.
Michael Schmidt, I want to come
back to you.
What is the FOX policy toward
women or men
who raise their hand and say, I
have been
sexually harassed, something has
happened
to me?
MICHAEL SCHMIDT: Well, what FOX
would say
is that now, if there are
issues, we would
want to know about them.
We want to investigate them, and
we want to
protect those that come forward
to make these
accusations.
The problem is, is that FOX has
a history
of not doing that.
So women don't feel secure
coming forward
to do that, and they don't --
and they look
at a story like ours, and they
see what's
happened to other folks, and
they say, I don't
want to come forward and make a
complaint.
This is too risky of a thing for
me to do.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Noreen Farrell,
in terms of
companies, employers having
policies to address
sexual harassment, how out in
the open is
that typically when somebody
goes to work
at someplace?
Is that the kind of question
people should
be asking?
NOREEN FARRELL: Well, you know
what happens
with these policies.
They get thrown in a drawer and
they gather
dust.
And I think that if you have --
all the policies
in the world are great if
they're on paper,
but the problem is, when you're
giving your
high performers, when you're
giving the leaders
of your company a free pass
again and again
in a very public way, the
message is, it doesn't
really matter what our policies
say.
Sexual harassment is tolerated
in this workplace.
And that's really damaging to
the culture
of a workplace.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you're saying
that's the
message that's being sent here?
NOREEN FARRELL: Without a doubt.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Michael Schmidt,
New York Times,
Noreen Farrell, we thank you
very much.
NOREEN FARRELL: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: a look at
whether having
cameras in the classroom can
protect children
with disabilities, who can be
targets for
bullying and can be subject to
abuse by teachers.
But cameras raise their own
issues.
Special correspondent Kavitha
Cardoza with
our partner Education Week
traveled to Keller,
Texas, to see how a
recently-implemented law
is playing out, and all this for
our weekly
series Making the Grade.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Breggett Rideau
watches her
son Terrence during his weekly
therapy session.
Horseback riding helps him
improve his balance,
muscle tone and confidence.
BREGGETT RIDEAU, Mother of
Terrence Rideau:
I have never seen my son ride on
a horse where
he wasn't smiling.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Terrence is 21,
but, developmentally,
he's about 2 or 3.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: OK, this is a
picture of
little T. when he was just a few
weeks old,
a few days old.
He came out smiling.
(LAUGHTER)
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Breggett says
Terrence was
always a happy little boy.
Then, in middle school, he
changed.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: He would cry
out for no reason,
just out -- just cry out, tears.
And I'm like, what's wrong,
babe?
A stomach ache.
I had no idea.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: There were
unexplained injuries,
a bump on his head, a broken
thumb, a dislocated
knee.
The Keller School District began
investigating,
and a classroom aide came
forward to substantiate
some of Breggett's concerns.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: Everyone
started telling
me what that teacher had done.
He had dropped him too many
times to count.
I found out that he had slammed
little T.
against the wall.
I had no clue.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: The Rideaus
were awarded
a $1 million jury settlement.
The Keller School District is
appealing, and
declined to speak to us for this
story.
But Breggett wasn't done.
An aspiring jazz singer, she put
her career
on hold and began a campaign to
install cameras
in special education classrooms.
She testified in front of the
Texas House
and Senate, saying cameras would
have prevented
the abuse.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: My child
counts.
Children like mine count, too.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: In 2015, Texas
agreed.
It became the first state in the
country to
require cameras in special
education classrooms,
if requested.
Ron Hager is with the National
Disabilities
Rights Network.
He says children with
intellectual disabilities
are far more likely to be
abused.
RON HAGER, National Disabilities
Rights Network:
Students with disabilities make
up about 12
percent of the student
population.
They have been subjected to
about 70 percent
of the restraints and
seclusions, so it's
a huge disparity.
They are very vulnerable.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Ryder Warren is
the superintendent
of a nearby school district.
He agrees with the law.
RYDER WARREN, Superintendent,
Northwest Independent
School District: The mantra of
our school
district is, we put kids first.
My primary job is to protect
children.
And, right after that, my job is
to protect
the adults that are in the
buildings, especially
our classroom teachers.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Under the
current law, teachers
cannot opt out.
Neither can parents of other
children with
special needs.
This could lead to privacy
concerns.
RYDER WARREN: That's been an
issue with some
parents, that their need for
their kids not
to be under constant supervision
with that
camera.
I have heard some comments about
that.
I have really not had any
comments from teachers.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: The bigger
issue for him
is cost.
Under the new law, if even one
parent requests
a camera, every special
education classroom
in the entire district has to
have one.
RYDER WARREN: That would
probably cost to
the tune of over $600,000.
That is just an astronomical
time and expense.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: What would you
say to the
Texas legislature?
RYDER WARREN: Pay for it.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Adam Feind is
in charge of
technology for the district.
The cost of cameras is just the
start.
ADAM FEIND, Northwest
Independent School District:
A camera such as this costs
about $800.
However, when we look at the
total cost of
operation, we have to take into
account the
video storage, the wiring, the
cable, the
cost of installing, the cost of
operations.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Samantha Crane
is with the
Autistic Self Advocacy Network.
She opposes cameras in
classrooms.
SAMANTHA CRANE, Autistic Self
Advocacy Network:
Parents can't get access to that
footage unless
they know something's happened.
They have to be able to say, I
would like
footage from this day, and
ideally from this
particular time of the day.
So, parents might think
everything is fine,
everything's being
tape-recorded, but they're
still not getting the
information they need
to know, if their child is safe.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Crane worries
abuse may go
underground, and take resources
away from
education.
Instead, several disability
advocacy groups
say they would rather see more
special education
students in mainstream
classrooms, more teacher
training, and more background
checks for staff.
It isn't clear whether cameras
will actually
protect students.
A lot depends on how the
technology is implemented
and monitored.
For example, last year, after
the cameras
were installed in Terrence's
classroom, Breggett
Rideau noticed her son came home
looking troubled,
so she asked to review the
footage.
Terrence starts choking, and
then eight minutes
of the tape is missing.
Breggett believes the tape was
manipulated,
and is urging for systems that
would protect
the footage.
Still, she believes cameras are
the best way
to protect children.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: Because it's
the only voice
for a child that can't talk.
It's, like, that simple.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: She spends her
time helping
other parents advocate.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: My phone was
blowing up from
Canada from Canada to Florida to
North Carolina.
We all have a child that's
vulnerable.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: Breggett has
gone back to
work part-time, but takes her
fight for her
son's safety along with her.
BREGGETT RIDEAU: I have a
special-needs son
who was hurt at school.
It almost killed me, but I'm
still here.
So, this song right here I hope
explains how
I feel about it.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: The title?
"Here's to Life."
BREGGETT RIDEAU (singing): I
still have learned
all you give is all you get, so
give it all
you got.
KAVITHA CARDOZA: I'm Kavitha
Cardoza of Education
Week, reporting from Keller,
Texas, for the
"PBS NewsHour."
Colum McCann
JUDY WOODRUFF: Can writing be
taught, or is
it an inherent gift that some of
us have and
others don't?
That is at the heart of the
National Book
Award winner Colum McCann's
newest work, the
latest addition to the
"NewsHour" Bookshelf.
Jeffrey Brown talked with him at
this year's
Conference of the Association of
American
Writers and Writing Programs
here in Washington,
D.C.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what is this
book, "Letters
to a Young Writer"?
What are you doing?
COLUM MCCANN, Author, "Letters
to a Young
Writer": I was asked to have an
online presence
by my publishers.
And I thought, well, maybe every
week I will
post a little bit of advice to a
young writer.
And it sort of took off.
And I did it every week for 52
weeks last
year.
And so they decided, well, we're
going to
put it out as a little book.
And I think it's the sort of
thing I would've
have liked to have gotten myself
as a younger
writer, although I don't always
follow my
own advice.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, you teach,
right?
COLUM MCCANN: I teach.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, you're used
to sort of
talking about these things.
COLUM MCCANN: Yes.
And I love teaching.
And there's always that debate
about whether
you can teach writing or not.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
COLUM MCCANN: But I think I
teach -- I hope
I teach the virtue of fire and
stamina and
desire and perseverance.
I'm not so sure that I can teach
people how
to, you know, write dialogue or
create plot
or anything like that.
But if I can get them and grab
them by the
scruff of the neck and say, you
can do this,
and if I see that fire in their
eyes, that's
when I think I know a writer.
JEFFREY BROWN: Did you have a
reader in mind,
or...
COLUM MCCANN: No, I suppose I
had my younger
self.
JEFFREY BROWN: Oh, really?
COLUM MCCANN: Yes, back in the
days when I
had hair and I was typing away
and getting
all sorts of rejection letters.
JEFFREY BROWN: What did you say
to yourself?
COLUM MCCANN: I said, you better
behave yourself.
You better learn.
You know, I talk in the book
about, like,
these romantic notions about
drinking and
drug use.
I also talk about plot.
I talk about characterization.
I talk about empathy.
I talk about behaving yourself
and not behaving
yourself.
And, really, I want the younger
writer to
know that she or he is
meaningful, that what
they have to say is powerful in
this world.
But they can't come indoors,
they can't close
the curtains, they can't, like,
lock themselves
away from the world and say
nothing.
JEFFREY BROWN: Just to give
people a little
flavor of what you're doing, you
address the
old write what you know, right?
COLUM MCCANN: Right.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, you say,
don't write what
you know.
Write toward what you want to
know.
COLUM MCCANN: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: Now explain that.
COLUM MCCANN: Ultimately, you
can only ever
write what you know.
It's logically and
philosophically impossible
to write what you don't know.
However, if you sort of see
yourself writing
into a space that you don't
always recognize,
you sometimes learn things that
you knew,
but weren't entirely aware of.
It's very liberating for a
writer to go into
a space where she or he has not
gone before,
because, instead of being a
tourist, you're
like an explorer now, and you're
sort of lost
in this new idea.
JEFFREY BROWN: Another area,
character, knowing
your character, details that you
won't write
about.
COLUM MCCANN: Right.
JEFFREY BROWN: But you know
these people so
intimately.
I like what you said, not just
what she had
for breakfast, but what she
wanted for breakfast.
COLUM MCCANN: Right, right,
right.
JEFFREY BROWN: Right?
COLUM MCCANN: I call that the
little literary
slice of bacon in the morning,
not just what
they had, but what they really,
truly wanted
to have.
So, if you know your character
very well,
you will know both of these
things.
JEFFREY BROWN: One other area I
want to -- of
the advice, structure.
You talk about the organization
of a piece
of writing and the importance of
that.
COLUM MCCANN: Structure can be
really problematic.
If you have a structure
beforehand, you're
sort of stuffing your story into
a pre-assembled
box.
You don't want that to happen.
What you want in your writing is
to have a
sort of wildness that occurs.
And then, out of the wildness, a
structure
emerges.
It's really towards the end of
the novel that
most writers actually say, aha,
that's actually
how I'm structuring this thing.
So, you don't want to be too
aware beforehand
of what it is that you want to
say or do.
JEFFREY BROWN: That's
interesting, because
that sort of goes to everything
that you're
saying in some ways, right?
COLUM MCCANN: Yes.
So much of what I do, so much of
what we do
as writers is -- operates on the
fume of a
gut feeling.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
COLUM MCCANN: A lot of people
think that writers
are much cleverer than they
actually are.
No, they're not.
But they're emotionally clever,
and they go
into a character, and they feel
something
that they weren't entirely aware
of beforehand.
I know, personally, that that is
how I operate.
JEFFREY BROWN: How do you know
when you're
encountering good writing
yourself?
COLUM MCCANN: You know because,
when you walk
outside, and you're about to be
hit by a bus,
and you get -- which I call the
bus theory.
JEFFREY BROWN: The bus theory,
yes.
COLUM MCCANN: And the bus misses
you, you
say thank God, because all I
wanted to do
was finish my novel before the
bus hit me.
Listen, when I finish my novel,
the bus can
hit me all at once.
And that's when you know you're
doing something,
something relatively good.
JEFFREY BROWN: I want to go back
to this larger
question of the engagement with
the larger
culture.
COLUM MCCANN: Right.
JEFFREY BROWN: Because it's been
a kind of
discussion in American writing
for a long
time, right, about how engaged
writers are
or internal, too internalized at
different
times.
COLUM MCCANN: Right.
JEFFREY BROWN: What do you see
today in -- especially
in the younger writers that
you're dealing
-- that you're working with?
COLUM MCCANN: Personally, I like
the social
novel.
I like writing that gets in and
under the
hood and looks about -- at
what's going on.
But I don't say to any writer
that that's
absolutely what they should do.
I mean, it's like the difference
between Whitman
and Dickinson, Emily Dickinson.
Whitman was big and expansive
and engaged
and political and democratic and
wrote beautifully.
And Dickinson just came indoors.
It was small and intimate and
whispering in
your ear -- both incredibly
powerful.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right,
"Letters to a Young
Writer."
Colum McCann, thank you very
much.
COLUM MCCANN: Thank you so much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Bring it on.
We always need more advice about
writing.
That is the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On Wednesday, our Leading Edge
series looks
at efforts to control the
growing number of
deer in the U.S., coupled with
the rise of
ticks and Lyme disease.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and we will see you soon.
END